alright guys I have three more last
steps I'm taking my one lipstick
distress pack and yes I have black and
have all this other kids too goodness
goodness going but I'm just gonna
randomly in sports director paper this
page just adds another another layer and
use my hand and maybe blend some in so
it doesn't show show up so much but this
is a really juicy pad I think I must
have just opened it yesterday but when
that dries it'll be end up being a nice
texture just helps everything tie in and
then I have normally two last steps I
have this stamping up stamp it's pretty
old I think they probably still sell it
because it's I mean this is from 1997 it
says here but it's it's all purchases it
was a set of four backgrounds there's
different ones but what I like to use
this for as I've mentioned in my flip
videos is to add just a little bit more
texture and the distress ink is really
really wet right now but you guys will
be able to get the hint so this just
ties everything together to find a layer
you'll see a lot of people use secret
waste you'll see them use bubble wrap
you can use your corrugated cardboard I
got to give a shout out to that I am a
box maker I do work for a corrugated box
company so lots of times I like to I
like to use cardboard separated
corrugated cardboard separated so that
the corrugations are showing and then
you just paint that and slap it down but
look for fun different textures that you
can add as the last element on your page
just just to give it that final touch
and make it cohesive I'm gonna lift up
the journal a little bit and my last
step on every page is to ink they're
just black and I've I have done this in
my scrapbooking and card-making forever
I've always liked the look I just go
direct to paper
I don't worry if it touches other pages
that's just how I like things
I
I think it's it's something I've done
for a long time and sometimes I won't
use black maybe I'll use a different
color but I just think it helps with the
with the finished product so this is
really really wet I won't do any
handwritten journaling all these
different little things that you put
down you can use a spots for journaling
so if I put this nice little ticket that
my friend Sharon gave me if I would have
put it around here somewhere I could
write a little date but normally this is
my BIC ballpoint pen there's lots of
markers out there sharpies just a heads
up guys sharpies on craft paint your
craft paint will dry your Sharpie out in
about two seconds flat you know we'll
talk about pens in a different video but
99% of the time I just used my bic pen
and I'll just write something down here
so if I were just alright you know be
still I like to write little mantras in
my journal and I'll just write the
ballpoint pen will write over absolutely
everything and it's kind of hidden so
yeah I show me most of my pages or all
my pages out there online and if
somebody has to really look to see some
of my journaling last but not least
there's a portfolio series I keep saying
it's last see I keep adding layers and I
may go back but this is a portfolio
series oil pastel you want to look for
oh you want to look for this box at
Staples they're really cheap and they
work really well
this is buttery I like to use white as a
top layer so I'm just gonna do some
swirls it's not working so well right
now because that was a seriously juicy
distress ink pad I'll have to go back
over that later I'll be sure that on the
weekend when I do my next vid with our
watercolor crayons that I'll show the
finished product of this one but I hope
you can see that you know within a
couple of minutes you can create
multiple layers and how to look cohesive
and you know add stuff that's important
to you don't worry about what's trendy I
use a lot of old supplies you know just
just don't worry just play so I really
hope you enjoyed this page you know you
can add a title if you wanted to maybe
if some phone stands up here maybe I'll
do that while you're gone and show you
what that looks like maybe you don't
watch maybe you want to cover the entire
thing with journaling right now it's all
up to you they really enjoyed making
this with you and I appreciate you
coming by so quickly because I just love
my rack and my goodies I created this
page it started a couple days ago with
different layers and I embellished it
and added a whole bunch of different
things thanks to sharing
so you'll see my new scrapbook stamp
here in the background I just love that
stamp set Sharon oh and you don't want
to get into that a little bit this came
in this came in in this and there's
camera was also from that stamp set and
lots of different ephemera there's a
little Tim Holtz paper there with the
cars on it
thanks again Sharon thanks so much
everyone or follow me along with this
page I hope you enjoyed it let me know
if you have any questions and I hope
you're looking forward to the next
installment watercolor crayons have a
great night